modifying core-concepts and adding feature: projects (#2301)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/plus/core-concepts/project.md

# dlt+ Project

> A dlt+ Project is a dlt project with an opinionated structure containing a Python manifest file (`dlt.yml`) where you can define dlt entities (sources, destinations, pipelines, transformations, etc.) in a declarative fashion. The project layout is fully compatible with a standard Python package approach and may be distributed via PyPI or as a git repository. It has the following components:

Reviewer: We have a flat project structure (as described in the tutorial) and we have the packaged one. Not all dlt projects are python packages.

Author: Fixed with Violetta's suggestion

1. A Python manifest of the package (`pyproject.toml`) which specifies dependencies, source files, and package build system.
2. A dlt manifest file (`dlt.yml`) which specifies data platform entities like sources, destination, pipelines, transformations etc.

> 3. Python modules with source code and tests. We propose a strict layout of the modules (i.e., source code is in the `sources/` folder, etc.)

Author: Added this in the latest commit

> 

Author: Added in the latest commit

> Package and project manager [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) is used for packaging.  

Reviewer: the dlt project is agnostic of which packaging tool is used, poetry is also possible

Author: Fixed after Violetta's review

> import Link from '../../_plus_admonition.md';

Reviewer 2: Please, add admonitions to each page!

2. A Python manifest of the package (`pyproject.toml`) which specifies dependencies, source files, and package build system.
3. Python modules with source code and tests. We propose a strict layout of the modules (i.e., source code is in the `sources/` folder, etc.)  
  
A general dlt+ project has the following structure:  
  
```text
.
├── .dlt/                 # your dlt settings including profile settings
│   ├── config.toml
│   ├── dev.secrets.toml
│   └── secrets.toml
├── _storage/             # local storage for your project, excluded from git
├── sources/              # your sources, contains the code for the arrow source
│   └── arrow.py
├── .gitignore
├── requirements.txt
└── dlt.yml       # the main project manifest
```

dlt+ Project follows the standard Python package structure, allowing users to package their code and configuration as Python packages. These packages can be distributed via PyPI (private or open-source) or as a git repository. Any Python project manager can be used for packaging such as [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) or [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/).

> Read more about dlt+ Project in [Projects section](../features/projects.md)  

Reviewer 2: I know I put it here, but feels weird. Here is another suggestion. What do you think?

```suggestion
Read more about dlt+ Project in the [project feature description](../features/projects.md)  
```
